Outside Collaborators (#3)
Cog-Creators/Red-Policies: policies/accepted/9.md

# Outside Collaborators

> There is a need to define a label for and track outside collaborators that may require specific access to org resources. This can include users who need the write permission to org-owned repos while not being a member of the Cog-Creators org. A possible example for this definition includes large Red-related projects that may not yet be part of the core bot, where the org would like to foster development of said project and/or work closely with the collaborator(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a need to define a label for and track outside collaborators that may require specific access to org controlled github repositories. This can include users who need the write permission to org-owned repos while not being a member of the Cog-Creators org. A possible example for this definition includes large Red-related projects that may not yet be part of the core bot, where the org would like to foster development of said project and/or work closely with the collaborator(s).
```

> There is a need to define a label for and track outside collaborators that may require specific access to org controlled github repositories. This can include users who need the write permission to org-owned repos while not being a member of the Cog-Creators org. A possible example for this definition includes large Red-related projects that may not yet be part of the core bot, where the org would like to foster development of said project and/or work closely with the collaborator(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a need to define a label for and track outside collaborators that may require specific access to org controlled GitHub repositories. This can include users who need the write permission to org-owned repos while not being a member of the Cog-Creators org. A possible example for this definition includes large Red-related projects that may not yet be part of the core bot, where the org would like to foster the development of the said project and/or work closely with the collaborator(s).
```

> A person could be invited to become a collaborator if they need elevated repo-level permissions on an org-owned repo as determined by org members. A org vote on adding the individual to this designation is needed under Policy 6. This action does not fall under Policy 2 as an outside collaborator is not being added to the org itself as a member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A person could be invited to become a collaborator if they need elevated repo-level permissions on an org-owned repo as determined by org members. A org vote to add the individual to this designation is needed under Policy 6. This action does not fall under Policy 2 as an outside collaborator is not being added to the org itself as a member.
```

> A person could be invited to become a collaborator if they need elevated repo-level permissions on an org-owned repo as determined by org members. A org vote to add the individual to this designation is needed under Policy 6. This action does not fall under Policy 2 as an outside collaborator is not being added to the org itself as a member.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A person could be invited to become a collaborator if they need elevated repo-level permissions on an org-owned repo as determined by org members. An org vote to add the individual to this designation is needed under Policy 6. This action does not fall under Policy 2 as an outside collaborator is not being added to the org itself as a member.
```

> Outside collaborators need to be actively working on their project to maintain their permissions. After a period of 3 months with no activity, the collaborator’s permissions would be moved down to triage to adhere to the idea in Proposal 2 in keeping the principle of least privilege. Either a declaration of intending to continue work or actively resuming work on their part of the project again (discussions, commits, etc) would allow them to become active again with write permissions to their part of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside collaborators need to be actively working on their project to maintain their permissions. After a period of 3 months with no activity, the collaborator’s permissions must be moved down to triage to adhere to the idea in Proposal 2 in keeping the principle of least privilege. Either a declaration of intending to continue work or actively resuming work on their part of the project again (discussions, commits, etc) are required to allow the outside collaborator to become active again with write permissions to their part of the project.
```
